[API design] Filter activity feed by actor (username or email), type, and date (#29956)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

|:--------------- |:------- |:----- |:------------------------------------------------------------|
| page            | integer | query | Page number of the results to fetch.                                                                                          |
| per_page        | integer | query | Results per page.                                                                                                             |
| order_key       | string  | query | What to order results by. Can be any column in the `activities` table.                                                         |
| order_direction | string  | query | **Requires `order_key`**. The direction of the order given the order key. Options include `asc` and `desc`. Default is `asc`. |
| query | string | query | Search query keywords. Searchable fields include user_name and user_email.

> | activity_type | string | query | Indicates the activity type to return. See available activity types on the [Audit logs page](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/reference/audit-logs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| activity_type | string | query | Indicates the activity `type` to filter by. See available activity types on the [Audit logs page](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/reference/audit-logs.md).
```
